Managing threats, vulnerabilities, and incident response requires a collective effort.
Security professionals do a lot of the hands-on work to understand,
find, and analyze threats.
Management also provides oversight and support for this entire process,
including the security program.
IT support groups may work hand-in-hand with
security professionals to fix security gaps and
also respond to incidents by making configuration changes and more to contain damage.
HR can be involved for a variety of reasons as well, for example,
if the cyber threat actor who carried out the attack is an employee of the company.
Legal teams may play a role every step of the way to ensure compliance with mandates,
especially during incident response.
Sometimes, response and the aftermath of a breach
may involve a lawsuit or formal prosecution,
which would then need legal support.
External groups can also be considered stakeholders from the victim's impacted by
incidence to law enforcement agencies or
business partners depending on the magnitude of the impact.
This is not a definitive list.
Cyber security is full of curve balls that may
warrant additional support or involvement from other groups,
but this is a good starting point to become familiar with.